# Terms of Service

Last Updated: **Jul 15th, 2024**

Thanks for your interest in Nal Chain, a layer-two protocol based on the Ethereum network. This Terms of Service (“Terms”) constitute a legally binding contract made between you and the Nal Foundation (“Nal,” “we,” or “us”) that governs your access to and use of Nal Pay, Nal Protocol, Nal Interface and Website located at [nal.network](https://www.nal.network/) (the “Site”), and Nal Testnet (collectively, the “Services”, defined below). BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICE OR SITE.

Nal Chain is an open-source, layer-two protocol that operates with the Ethereum blockchain. The Nal Chain protocol includes protocol smart contracts that allow you to “bridge” (i.e., lock assets on one blockchain protocol and replicate them on another protocol) digital assets between Ethereum and/or Nal Chain (“Bridging Smart Contracts”). Neither Nal Chain nor the Bridging Smart Contracts are part of the Services. They are both operated through the use of certain open-source software that is approved by a decentralized, representative body, and a set of smart contracts that once deployed to the Nal Chain are not controlled by us (even if we contributed to their initial development). Nal does not control what third parties may build on Nal Chain, the activity of such parties, any user transacting on Nal Chain, or any data stored on Nal Chain itself, and we do not take possession, custody, or control over any virtual currency or other digital asset on Nal Chain or the Bridging Smart Contracts unless expressly stated in a written contract signed by us. You acknowledge and agree that we make no representations or warranties with respect to Nal Chain or the Bridging Smart Contracts, and that, if you use Nal Chain or the Bridging Smart Contracts, you do so at your own risk.

We offer the following Services that enable you to access and interact with Nal Chain and the Bridging Smart Contracts:

- **Nal Pay**: Nal Pay is a digital currency acceptance tool built on Nal Chain that allows merchants to accept digital currency payments. Nal Pay does not include digital currency custody services.
- **Nal Protocol**: Nal Protocol is a set of modular development components that help developers quickly deploy applications on Nal Chain.
- **Nal Testnet**: Nal Testnet is a test environment that allows you to build applications integrated with Nal Chain. You are permitted to access and use the Nal Testnet only to test and improve the experience, security, and design of Nal Chain or applications built on Nal Chain, subject to these Terms.
- **Nal Interface and Website**: The Nal Interface and Website is a web application and graphical user display operated by us and located at [nal.network](https://www.nal.network/).

Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to Nal at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of the Terms, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised the Terms by your continued use of the Service after the date such revised the Terms are posted.

PLEASE NOTE: THE “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” SECTION OF THE TERMS CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT REQUIRES DISPUTES TO BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND PROHIBITS CLASS ACTION CLAIMS. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND NAL ARE RESOLVED. BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.

Your Privacy: For more information regarding our collection, use and disclosure of personal data and certain other data, please see the [“Privacy Policy”](https://docs.nal.network/chain/Tokens.html#Privacy-Policy).

## ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICE

Legal Compliance: You represent that you are at least 18 years old and your access and use of the Service will fully comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and that you will not access or use the Service to conduct, promote, or otherwise facilitate any illegal activity.

For the avoidance of doubt, you will comply with all applicable sanctions laws, regulations and rules, including but not limited to, those administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and any other applicable jurisdictions. The Site may not be used: (i) in the Mainland China, Crimea region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, or Syria; (ii) by or for the specific benefit of any individual or entity on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (“SDN”) List maintained by OFAC, (iii) any entity 50% or more owned in the aggregate by any such SDN(s); or (v) for any other use requiring a license or other governmental approval. If we determine that you have breached your obligation under this section, we shall block your access to the Service and any interests in property as required by law, if continued Service could result in us being in violation, or subject to negative consequences, under the Sanctions Rules.

## ACCEPTABLE USE

You agree that you will not use the Services in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted by these Terms. That means, among other things, you will not use the Services to do or encourage any of the following:

- Infringe or violate the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else or attempt to decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Services;
- Violate any applicable law or regulation, including without limitation, any applicable anti-money laundering laws, anti-terrorism laws, export control laws, end user restrictions, privacy laws or economic sanctions laws/regulations, including those administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control;
- Use the Service in a way that is dangerous, harmful, fraudulent, misleading, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
- Violate, compromise, or interfere with the security, integrity, or availability of any computer, network, or technology associated with the Services, including using the Services in a manner that constitutes excessive or abusive usage, attempts to disrupt, attack, or interfere with other users, or otherwise impacts the stability of the Services.
- Use any Nalbrands, logos, or trademarks (or any brands, logos, or trademarks that are confusingly similar) without our express prior written approval, which we may withhold at our discretion for any reason.

## INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

**Service Content:** You acknowledge and agree that the Service may contain content or features (“Service Content”) that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by Nal (e.g., to the extent any of the Protocol is made available under an open source license), you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Service or the Service Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you upload to or make available through the Service in accordance with these Terms of Service. Any use of the Service or the Service Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited.

**Trademarks:** The name and logos and certain other logos and trademarks of Nal are trademarks and service marks of Nal (collectively the “Trademarks”). Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Service may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to Nal. Nothing in the Terms or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Trademarks displayed on the Service, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.

**Feedback:** If you provide us with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to Nal all rights in such Feedback and agree that Nal shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Nal will treat any Feedback you provide to us as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to us any Feedback or other information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary for which you do not have all required permissions and consents to so submit.

**Third-Party Material:** Under no circumstances will Nal be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users), including for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content. You acknowledge that Nal does not pre-screen content, but that Nal and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, Nal and its designees will have the right to remove from the Site, without notice, any content that violates the Terms or is deemed by Nal, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.

**User Content:** You represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to such User Content that you make available via the Site, including all copyrights and rights of publicity contained therein. You hereby grant Nal and its affiliated companies, successors, and assigns a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable, sublicensable (directly and indirectly through multiple tiers), perpetual, and irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify, and otherwise use such User Content in connection with the operation of the Site. You assume all risk associated with your User Content and the transmission of your User Content, and you have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, legality and appropriateness of your User Content.

Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, reviews, or other information about the Service (“Submissions”), provided by you to Nal are non-confidential and Nal will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment, attribution, or compensation to you.

You acknowledge and agree that Nal may preserve User Content and may also disclose User Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws, or government requests; (b) enforce the Terms; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Nal, its users, or the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your User Content, may involve (i) transmissions over various networks; and (ii) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

## THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

The Service provides access to services, sites, technology, applications and resources that are provided or otherwise made available by third parties (the “Third-Party Services”). Your access and use of the Third-Party Services may also be subject to additional terms and conditions, privacy policies, or other agreements with such third party. Nal has no control over, and is not responsible for, such Third-Party Services, including for the accuracy, availability, reliability, or completeness of information shared by or available through Third-Party Services, or on the privacy practices and terms and conditions of Third-Party Services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the third parties providing Third-Party Services prior to using such services. You, and not Nal, will be responsible for any and all costs and charges associated with your use of any Third-Party Services. The integration or inclusion of such Third-Party Services does not constitute or imply any endorsement or recommendation. Any dealings you have with third parties while using the Service are between you and the third party. Nal will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any Third-Party Services.

## INDEMNIFICATION AND RELEASE

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Nal, its affiliates, and its and their respective officers, employees, directors, service providers, licensors, and agents (collectively, the “Nal Parties”) from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind, and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Service, any User Content, your connection to the Service, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another.

## DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: ASSUMPTION OF RISKS

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. THE NAL PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

THE NAL PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (A) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (C) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, APPLICATIONS, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.

BY ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THE INHERENT RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USING CRYPTOGRAPHIC AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SYSTEMS, AND THAT YOU HAVE A WORKING KNOWLEDGE OF THE USAGE AND INTRICACIES OF DIGITAL ASSETS, SUCH AS THOSE FOLLOWING THE ETHEREUM TOKEN STANDARD (ERC-20) AND BRIDGING ACROSS DIFFERENT BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTIONS. YOU FURTHER UNDERSTAND THAT THE MARKETS FOR DIGITAL ASSETS ARE HIGHLY VOLATILE DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS, INCLUDING ADOPTION, SPECULATION, TECHNOLOGY, SECURITY, AND REGULATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THAT THE COST AND SPEED OF TRANSACTING WITH CRYPTOGRAPHIC AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SYSTEMS SUCH AS ETHEREUM ARE VARIABLE AND MAY INCREASE DRAMATICALLY AT ANY TIME. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THE RISK THAT YOUR DIGITAL ASSETS MAY LOSE SOME OR ALL OF THEIR VALUE WHILE THEY ARE SUPPLIED TO THE PROTOCOL THROUGH THE INTERFACE, YOU MAY SUFFER LOSS DUE TO THE FLUCTUATION OF PRICES OF TOKENS IN A TRADING PAIR OR LIQUIDITY POOL, AND, ESPECIALLY IN EXPERT MODES, EXPERIENCE SIGNIFICANT PRICE SLIPPAGE AND COST. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ANYONE CAN CREATE A TOKEN, INCLUDING FAKE VERSIONS OF EXISTING TOKENS AND TOKENS THAT FALSELY CLAIM TO REPRESENT PROJECTS, AND ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THE RISK THAT YOU MAY MISTAKENLY TRADE THOSE OR OTHER TOKENS. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OF THESE VARIABLES OR RISKS, AND CANNOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY RESULTING LOSSES THAT YOU EXPERIENCE WHILE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL OF THE RISKS OF ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICE, INCLUDING THE INTERFACE TO INTERACT WITH THE PROTOCOL. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR WALLETS, FOR SAFEGUARDING THE ASSOCIATED PRIVATE KEY AND FOR ANY ACTIVITY THAT OCCURS USING YOUR WALLET. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT THERE MAY BE TAX AND REGULAORY RISKS RELATED TO USING THE SERVICE. IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO DETERMINE WHETHER, AND TO WHAT EXTENT, ANY TAXES APPLY TO ANY TRANSACTIONS YOU CONDUCT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, AND TO WITHHOLD, COLLECT, REPORT AND REMIT THE CORRECT AMOUNTS OF TAXES TO THE APPROPRIATE TAX AUTHORITIES. DIGITAL ASSETS, BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY, AND ANY RELATED SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY UNCERTAINTY IN THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS. YOU ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT LEGISLATIVE AND REGULATORY CHANGES OR ACTIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE USAGE, TRANSFERABILITY, TRANSACTABILITY AND ACCESSIBILITY OF DIGITAL ASSETS, BRIDGING, THE PROTOCOL, OR OTHER PARTS OF THE SERVICE.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, AND CANNOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY RESULTING LOSSES THAT YOU EXPERIENCE WHILE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE NAL PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THE NAL PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (A) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (B) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION, OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (D) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; (E) INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF FUNCTION RELATED TO THE INTERFACE; (F) BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE INTERFACE; (G) ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN, OR LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF, ANY CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE INTERFACE; OR (H) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL THE NAL PARTIES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID NAL IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU OR BE ENFORCEABLE WITH RESPECT TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.

## DISPUTE RESOLUTION

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.

- Agreement to Arbitrate

This Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration section is referred to in the Terms as the “Arbitration Agreement.” You agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Nal, whether arising out of or relating to the Terms (including any alleged breach thereof), the Service, any advertising, or any aspect of the relationship or transactions between us, will be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than a court, in accordance with the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, except that you may assert individual claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify. Further, this Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, and such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. You agree that, by entering into the Terms, you and Nal are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator, not a judge or jury.

- Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief

YOU AND NAL AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH YOU AND NAL AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S OR PARTY’S CLAIMS AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S), EXCEPT THAT YOU MAY PURSUE A CLAIM FOR AND THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD PUBLIC INJUNCTIVE RELIEF UNDER APPLICABLE LAW TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED FOR THE ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS PROVISION.

- Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution

Nal is always interested in resolving disputes amicably and efficiently, and most user concerns can be resolved quickly and to the user’s satisfaction by emailing user support at [support@nal.network](mailto:support@nal.network). If such efforts prove unsuccessful, a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). The Notice to Nal should be sent to [*insert mail address*] (“Notice Address”). The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought. If Nal and you do not resolve the claim within sixty (60) calendar days after the Notice is received, you or Nal may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Nal or you will not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or Nal is entitled.

- Arbitration Procedures

Arbitration will be conducted by a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the American Arbitration Association’s (“AAA”) rules and procedures, including the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. For information on the AAA, please visit its website, [https://www.adr.org](https://www.adr.org/). Information about the AAA Rules and fees for consumer disputes can be found at the AAA’s consumer arbitration page, https://www.adr.org/consumer. If there is any inconsistency between any term of the AAA Rules and any term of this Arbitration Agreement, the applicable terms of this Arbitration Agreement will control unless the arbitrator determines that the application of the inconsistent Arbitration Agreement terms would not result in a fundamentally fair arbitration. The arbitrator must also follow the provisions of these Terms of Service as a court would. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope, enforceability, and arbitrability of this Arbitration Agreement.

Unless Nal and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in a reasonably convenient location for both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. If the parties are unable to agree on a location, the determination will be made by AAA.

- Costs of Arbitration

Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, the “Arbitration Fees”) will be governed by the AAA Rules, unless otherwise provided in this Arbitration Agreement.

- Confidentiality

All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision, or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.

- Severability

If a court or the arbitrator decides that any term or provision of this Arbitration Agreement (other than the subsection above titled “Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief” above) is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Arbitration Agreement will be enforceable as so modified. If a court or the arbitrator decides that any of the provisions of subsection above titled “Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief” are invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Arbitration Agreement will be null and void, unless such provisions are deemed to be invalid or unenforceable solely with respect to claims for public injunctive relief. The remainder of these Terms of Service will continue to apply.

- Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement

Notwithstanding any provision in the Terms to the contrary, Nal agrees that if it makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address) while you are a user of the Service, you may reject any such change by sending Nal written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to the Notice Address provided above. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Arbitration Agreement as of the date you first accepted the Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to the Terms).

## GOVERNING LAW

The Terms are governed by and will be construed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, excluding its body of law controlling conflict of laws. You agree that the Services shall be deemed to be based solely in the British Virgin Islands, and that although the Services may be available in other jurisdictions, the availability of any Service does not give rise to general or specific personal jurisdiction in any forum outside the British Virgin Islands. Any arbitration conducted pursuant to these Terms shall be conducted in accordance with the Term.

## CORRECTIONS

There may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Site at any time, without prior notice. Nal does not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free or free of computer viruses, contaminants or other harmful items.

## MISCELLANEOUS

The Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site or in respect to the Service constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of the Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from the Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of the Terms or use of the Service. You agree that the Terms will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of the Terms and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute the Terms.

## CONTACT US

Please contact us at [support@nal.network](mailto:support@nal.network) to report any violations of the Terms or to pose any questions regarding the Terms or the Service.